Add a recipe for CUDA RPC (#1429)
pytorch/tutorials: recipes_source/cuda_rpc.rst

Direct Device-to-Device Communication with TensorPipe CUDA RPC
==============================================================

.. note:: Direct device-to-device RPC (CUDA RPC) is introduced in PyTorch 1.8
    as a prototype feature. This API is subject to change.

In this recipe, you will learn:

- The high-level idea of CUDA RPC.
- How to use CUDA RPC.

Requirements
------------

- PyTorch 1.8+
- `Getting Started With Distributed RPC Framework <https://pytorch.org/tutorials/intermediate/rpc_tutorial.html>`_

What is CUDA RPC?
------------------------------------

CUDA RPC supports directly sending Tensors from local CUDA memory to remote

> CUDA memory. Prior to v1.8 release, PyTorch RPC only takes CPU Tensors. As a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CUDA memory. Prior to v1.8 release, PyTorch RPC only accepts CPU Tensors. As a
```

device map. Otherwise, only CPU tensors are allowed.

Under the hood, PyTorch RPC relies on `TensorPipe <https://github.com/pytorch/tensorpipe>`_
as the communication backend. PyTorch RPC extracts all Tensors from each
request or response into a list and packs everything else into a binary
payload. Then, TensorPipe will automatically choose a communication channel
for each Tensor based on Tensor device type and channel availability on both
the caller and the callee. Existing TensorPipe channels cover NVLink, InfiniBand,
SHM, CMA, TCP, etc.

How to use CUDA RPC?
---------------------------------------

The code below shows how to use CUDA RPC. The model contains two linear layers
and is split into two shards. The two shards are placed on ``worker0`` and
``worker1`` respectively, and ``worker0`` serves as the master that drives the
forward and backward passes. Note that we intentionally skipped
`DistributedOptimizer <https://pytorch.org/docs/master/rpc.html#module-torch.distributed.optim>`_
to highlight the performance improvements when using CUDA RPC. The experiment
repeats the forward and backward passes 10 times and measures the total

> execution time. It Compares uring CUDA RPC against using CPU RPC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
execution time. It compares using CUDA RPC against using manually staging to CPU memory and using CPU RPC.
```
